.TH HYSTERESIS "1" "April 2025" "hysteresis" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
hysteresis \- Tool to extract relative permeability and capillary pressure
curves with hysteresis if enabled
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hysteresis
\fI\,DATA_FILE\/\fR
\fI\,SATURATION_FILE\/\fR \fI\,OUTPUT_FILE\/\fR
\fI\,TWOPHASE_SYSTEM\/\fR  [\fI\,CELL_INDEX\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Extracts the relative permeambility curves and capillary pressure curves
with hysteresis if enabled for a cell
in the model and writes them as tables to a CSV file.
.PP
DATAFILE, Data file name that contains keywords SGOF, EHYSTR etc.
.PP
SATURATION_FILE, a file that contains the requested saturations. It
should contain one saturation value per line. Whether this is the
gas or water saturation depends on the parameter TWOPHASE_SYSTEM. It
will be the saturation of the first mentioned phase of the specified
system.
.PP
OUTPUT_FILE, the name of the CSV file that we write the
relative permeability and capillary pressures curves to.
There will be one line for each saturation
value from SATURATION_FILE. Each line will contain the values [sw, krw,
kro, pcow, krnSwMdc(So at turning point), Sn(trapped s) ].
(Or equivalent for GO or GW systems.)
.PP
TWOPHASE_SYSTEM, The two phase system to use for outputting the first
two phases. Should be one of the following strings: WO (for
water\-oil, water first, then oil), GO (for gas\-oil), or GW (for
gas\-water)
.PP
CELL_INDEX: cell index (default is 0), to be used to determine SATNUM/IMBNUM
value that is used for the calculation
